MACHINE METER READINGS & PRICE SETTING CHART
================================================

##Hot Beverage

###AP#213

####Meter Readings:

1.  using the mode button, go to mode #01. 
2.  Press "large cup/start" twice to get to M1, which will display     the cash total. Press start #3 times for non-resettable sales.
3.  Press the "coin return" button to return to the operating mode.

####Price Setting:

1.  Make sure "free vend" is turned off.
2.  using the mode button, go to mode #04 for large cups and #05   for small cups.
3.  Press the "large cup/start" button. The scroll will say "price" 
     And will show "#00.”
4.  Use the "middle strength coffee" button to move the flashing 
     Cursor to the digit to be changed.
5.  Use the "coffee strong" button to change the digit to the desired 
     Value.
6.  Press the "large cup/start" button. The scroll will say
     "selection."
7.  Press all product selections and strengths you wish to sell at 
     That price.
8.  Press "large cup/enter" to lock in the price settings.
9.  Press the "coin return" button to return to the operating mode.

###AP#223 

####Meter Readings:

1.  From the Master Menu press the "enter" key to get to the MIS 
     Menu.
2.  Press the "enter" key a second time when the display reads "MIS." 
3.  To bring up the items in the MIS menu, press the right arrow key one time. 
4.  To get to the "view historical MIS," press "enter" at that menu item to display the totals in that menu.

####Price Setting:

1.  From the Master Menu, press the "enter" key followed by the 
     "right arrow" key to get to the "price setting" menu, or press 
     The F4 key to go directly to this menu,
2.  Press “enter” to display the items in this menu.
3.  Press the "right arrow" key to display the "cup size" menu.
4.  Use the plus or minus keys to select the desired cup size.
5.  Press the "right arrow" key to get to "price."
6.  From the customer keypad, enter the desired price. 
7.  Using the "left arrow" key, arrow back to "selection."
8.  Use the "plus" and "minus" keys followed by the "enter" key to 
     select each item that you wish to set at that displayed price 
     and cup size.
9.  Press escape to exit the pricing menu.

##Cold Beverage

###Dixie Narcos 

####Meter Readings: N.A.

####Price Setting:

Prices are set via the dip switches on the Mars changer, according to specific price lines.

###ECC #2145

####Meter Readings:  

1.  Press the mode button three times to get to the "Set-Up Menu."
2.  Using the keypad on the front of the machine, press button #6 to obtain non-resettable cash totals.
3.  For resettable readings, press the "mode" button once to get to the "Service Menu."
4.  Press the letter C to display the readings.

####Price Setting:

1.  From the Service Menu, press the #7 button on the keypad.
2.  Enter the desired price.
3.  Press the letter/number combination for each selection to be set 
     at that price. The letter plus star represents an entire shelf 
     or star, setting the entire machine at that price.

###E#9

####Meter Readings:

1.  Press the mode button once to get to information pertaining to 
     historical non-resettable data.
2.  Press #1, #2 or #3 on the keypad to display information regarding cash sales, total vends or number of vends by selection respectively.
3.  Press selection buttons #1 and #2 simultaneously to advance the 
     menu to the resettable data information.
4.  Press selection button #1 to display the cash total since the 
     counter was last cleared, #2 to display the total vends since 
     the last reset and #3 to display the vend count by selection 
     since the last reset.
5.  Press and hold selection button #4 for approximately five seconds to clear the counters one at a time.

####Price Setting:

1.  From the MIS menu, press and hold selection buttons #1 and #2 
     simultaneously to get to the Price Setting mode (SP).
2.  To raise the price of a given item in nickel increments, press 
     and hold the appropriate selection button.  To lower the price, 
     press and release the appropriate button and then press it again 
     within one second.
3.  To set all selections at the same price, set the desired price on 
     selection #1 and then simultaneously press and hold selection 
     buttons #3 and #4 for five seconds.

###V 720

####Meter Readings:

When the door is opened, press the first selection button to toggle between "error status," "cans," and "cash."

####Price Setting:

1.  Press the Mode button until the display reads "cost."
2.  To raise the price of a given item in nickel increments, press 
     and hold the appropriate selection button.  To lower the price 
     press and release the appropriate button and then press it again 
     within one second.
3.  To return to the operating mode, close the door.

###BEV MAX 3

####METER READING: 
        WITH MACHINE DOOR OPEN ON THE CONTROLL BOARD, LOCATED ON THE BACK WALL 

1.  HIT THE MODE BUTTON UNTIL THE SET UP MODE #1 APPEARS ON SCREEN
2.  PRESS BUTTON 6 FOR THE METER READING

###BEV MAX 3 PRICE SETTING:  

1.  WITH MACHINE OPEN PRESS THE MODE BUTTON UNTIL THE SETUP MENU APPEARS ON SCREEN, PRESS #7 PRICING MENU THEN ENTER THE DISIRED PRICE FOLLOWED BY THE SELECTION # THEN PRESS * TO ENTER PRICE

###ROYAL SODA MACHINE

####METER READING

1) PRESS THE MODE BUTTON INSIDE THE DOOR PANEL.
2) PRESS THE POUND SIGN ON THE KEY PAD ON THE FRONT OF THE MACHINE.
DISPLAY WILL SHOW NON-RESETTABLE METER READING.

####ROYAL SODA MACHINE PRICING.

1) PRESS THE MODE BUTTON INSIDE THE DOOR PANEL.
2) PRESS NUMBER 2 ON THE KEY PAD ON THE FRONT OF THE MACHINE AND SCROLL TO SET PRICES ON THE DISPLAY.
3) PRESS THE POUND KEY TO ENTER PRICE SETTING MODE.
4) PRESS NUMBER 2 TO SCROLL TO DESIRED SHELF OR SELECTION.
5) PRESS THE POUND KEY TO ENTER THE SELECTED SHELF OR SELECTION.
6) PRESS NUMBER 2 TO SCROLL UP OR NUMBER 8 TO SCROLL DOWN TO SELECT DESIRED PRICE.
7) PRESS THE POUND KEY TO SET DESIRED PRICE.
8) PRESS THE STAR KEY TO EXIT.

Candy/Snack
-------------------

###AP#120 series

####Meter Readings:

1.  From the Master Menu press the "enter" key to get to the MIS 
     menu, or press the F1 key to go directly to the "historical MIS" 
     menu.
2.  Press the "enter" key when the display reads "MIS" to bring up 
     the items in the MIS menu.
3.  Use the left and right arrow keys to scroll through these menu 
     items including "view historical MIS" and "view interval MIS." 
4.  Press "enter" at the appropriate menu item to display that item.

####Price Setting:

1.  From the "Master Menu," press F#4 or arrow to the "Price Setting" menu. The display shows item, dash, followed by the selection number with the last number flashing to indicate that the selection number can be changed. 
2.  Press the arrow keys or press a specific three-digit number on 
     the key pad. The selection number is followed by an equals 
     sign, followed by the current price for the column, followed by 
     the three-digit product code.
3.  To change prices, press the "right arrow" key one time.  At this 
     point, the last digit of the price will flash, 
4.  Use the "plus" and "minus" keys to raise or lower the price in 
     nickel increments or enter a new price using the numeric keypad.
5.  Set the price by pressing the "enter" key once the desired price 
     is achieved.
6.  To change the price of an entire shelf, arrow to the selection 
     menu. Then press the first two digits of the shelf number 
     followed by the asterisk key.  

###Rowe #5900
     
####Meter Readings:

1.  Press the Mode button followed by the #8 on the keypad.  
2.  Press the #0 button to scroll through each menu item. Press #0 6 times for resettable and #8 times to get non-resettable sales.
3.  To clear resettable data and reset the numbers to zero, scroll 
     through to that option, press #1 or #2 to change the flashing N 
     to Y and then press the "reset" button on the keypad.
(Note: the MIS Retrieval menu scrolls only in one direction.)

###Price setting:

1.  Press the Mode button followed by the #3 key on the door keypad. The display will show "set price."
2.  Using the keypad, enter the number of the selection to be set.
3.  Pressing #1 and #2 on the keypad will adjust the price up or down respectively in nickel increments.
4.  To save this value, press #9 on the keypad (the display then 
     advances to the next selection) or press #0 to escape from this 
     menu altogether.
5.  Close the door to return to the operating mode.

###Rowe #6800

####Meter Readings:

1.  Press the mode button, followed by the #3 on the keypad.

####Price Setting:

1.  Press the mode button followed by the #4 key on the door keypad. The display will show "set price."
2.  Using the keypad, enter the number of the selection to be set.
3.  Pressing #1 and #2 on the keypad will adjust the price up or down respectively in nickel increments.
4.  To save this value, press #9 on the keypad (the display then 
     advances to the next selection) or press #0 to escape from this 
     menu altogether.
5.  Close the door to return to the operating mode.

###AP 933 SNACK MACHINE:

####METER READINGS:     

1.  PRESS THE MODE BUTTON, THEN PRESS THE HISTORICAL SALES, THEN PRESS C TO EXIT.
OR AFTER PRESSING THE MODE BUTTON, PRESS #01 ON KEYPAD THE DISPLAY WILL SHOW HISTORICAL SALES.


###PRICE SETTING: 

1.  PRESS THE MODE BUTTON HALF MOON SECTION OF THE BOARD THEN 
2.  PRESS SET PRICE BUTTON USE THE ARROW KEYS TO TOGGLE BETWEEN SELECTION AND PRICE PRESS C TO EXIT.

###CODES FOR 933 BY TWO DIGITS: GOOD FOR 130 OR U -FLEX: 

01 HISTORICAL SALES
20 PRICING 
21 GOLDEN EYE 
22 BILL ESCROW
23 MOTOR PAIRING 
25 FORCE VEND
34 SPEECH ENABLE 
36 SPACE TO SALES
40 SET TEMP
42 HEALTH SHUTDOWN BE SECECTION
50 TIME
80 TEST VEND
81 EVENT LOG
82 SERVICE LOG

###U-FLEX MACHINE:

####METER READING: 

1.  WITH DOOR OPEN, PRESS C FOR MODES AND MACHINE WILL DISPLAY HISTORICAL 
    DATA FOR THE METER READING

####SET PRICES:    

1.  WITH THE DOOR OPEN PRESS C FOR MODES 
2.  PRESS #20 THEN ENTER PRICE 
3.  PRESS RIGHT ARROW AND ENTER SELECTION #

###CAFORIA 944

####METER READINGS:  

1.  WITH MACHINE DOOR OPEN, PRESS THE # 5 THE MACHINE WILL SHOW YOUR NON resettable SALES DATA

####PRICE SETTING:  

1.  WITH DOOR OPEN PRESS THE #1 TO GET INTO PRICE MENU, 
2.  PRESS DOWN ARROW AND MACHINE WILL START WITH SMALL CUP SIZES 
3.  ENTER PRICE ON KEYPAD THEN ARROW DOWN EACH SELECTION

###REVOLUTION 962

####METER READING: 

1.  WITH DOOR OPEN PRESS THE #5 MACHINE WILL SHOW NON RESETABLE SALES.

####962 PRICE SETTING:

THERE ARE THREE TYPES OF PRICING,PRICE BY ALL,PRICE BY ROW, OR PRICE BY EACH.

1.  TO SET PRICE BY ROW: WITH DOOR OPEN PRESS THE #1 BUTTON ON KEYPAD 
2.  ENTER THE PRICE YOU WANT ON THE KEYPAD 
3.  GO TO THE ROW OR ROWS YOU WANT THE PRICE TO BE AND TOUG ON THE PRODUCT DOOR.


###AP Studio Combo 4 Candy/Snack Can/Bottle Vendor

####Meter Readings:

1.  Press the Mode button followed by 08 on the customer key pad for “Historical Total Value of Sales” and 10 for the “Historical Value of Can Sales.”
    Since the screen can only display four digits at a time, for figures of one hundred dollars and up, the     display automatically toggles between the first and second line of numbers.

####Price Setting:

1. Press the Mode button, followed by 01 on the customer key pad. The display will prompt “Prc.”
2. Enter the price to be set using the numeric keypad.
3. Press the Pound key.
4. Enter all the selection numbers to be set at the price entered in the previous step.
5. Press “Pound” to enter another price or “C” to lock them in and go back to the service mode.

##Cold Food

###Rowe #448

####Meter Readings: 

*  N.A.

####Price Setting:

1.  Open the monetary door.
2.  Select either tier #1 or #2.
3.  Press the "enter price setting mode" button.
4.  Move the door to be priced slightly to the right and then release 
     it.
5.  Press and hold the "price up or price down" button until the 
     display begins to change. Then press "price up or down" buttons until the correct price 
    shows on the display.
6.  Close the monetary door and coin test the machine.

###Rowe #548-#648

####Meter Readings:

1.  Press the "next" key until the display shows "MIS menu,"
2.  Press the "set" key until "sales (r)-$.xx" or "sales (n)-$.xx is 
     displayed.

Note: all MIS information can be accessed from this menu.

####Price Setting:

1.  Press the "set" key to choose a price schedule.
2.  At the "price menu," prompt the display will show either "sched," "#1," "#2," "#3," or "auto."
3.  Press the "set" key. The display will show "set price-$.50."
4.  Use the "up" or "down" arrow keys to select the proper price.
5.  Move the compartment door for that price slightly to the right 
     and then release it.

###AP#320

####Meter Readings:

1.  From the Master Menu, press the "enter" key to get to the MIS 
     menu, or press the F1 key to go directly to the "historical MIS" 
     menu.
2.  Press the "enter" key when the display reads "MIS" to bring up 
     the items in the MIS menu.
3.  Use the left and right arrow keys to scroll through these menu 
     items including "view historical MIS" and "view interval MIS." 
4.  Press "enter" at the appropriate menu item to display that item.

####Price Setting:

1.  From the "Master Menu," press F#4 or arrow to the "Price Setting" menu. The display will 
    show item, dash, followed by the selection number with the last number flashing to 
    indicate that the selection number can be changed.
2.  Press the arrow keys or press a specific three-digit number on 
    the key pad.  The selection number will be followed by an equals sign followed by the 
    current price for the column followed by the three-digit product code.
3.  To change prices, press the "right arrow" key one time.  At this 
     point the last digit of the price will flash.
4.  Use the "plus" and "minus" keys to raise or lower the price in 
     nickel increments or enter a new price using the numeric keypad.
5.  Set the price by pressing the "enter" key once the desired price 
     is achieved.
6.  To change the price of an entire shelf, arrow to the selection 
     menu. Then press the first two digits of the shelf number
     followed by the asterisk key.


###USI -  SNACK / COLD / FROZEN FOOD MACHINES

####Meter Readings:

1) Press the mode button on the inside panel of the machine
2) Press number 6 on the front key pad.
3) Press number 3 on the front key pad.
4) Press number 2 on the front key pad for non-resetable meter reading.

####Pricing:

1) Press the mode button on the inside panel of the machine.
2) Press number 5 on the front key pad.
3) Press number 1 for item. Press number 2 for row OR Press number 3 to select all items.
4) Set price using front key pad.
5) Press the pound key on the front key pad to save price.
 
###Fast Corp 631 Ice Cream Machine

####Meter Readings:

1.  Using the customer keypad on the outside of the door, press the 
     "star" key to advance to the "sales meters" menu.
2.  Press the "pound" key to get into the menu.
3.  Press the "star" key to access non-resettable data and the "pound" key to display resettable numbers.
4.  To clear resettable data, press the "star" key followed by the 
     "pound" key for verification or the "star" key to exit the 
     reset command.
5.  Press the "pound" key to exit the sales menu.

####Price Setting:

1.  When the door is opened, the display shows "change price." Press the "pound" key to enter the menu.
2.  Using the customer keypad, enter the selection to be changed.
3.  Press "00" to clear out the old price and then enter the new price.
4.  Press the "pound" key to lock in the new price.
5.  Press the "pound" key again to confirm the price change.
6.  Press "pound" a third time to advance to the next selection or 
     "star" to exit the menu.

###FastCorp FRI-Z400 Ice Cream Machine

####Meter Readings:

1.  Open service door to automatically access the service menu. 
2.  Press the VAC button on the programming key pad to disable                                                                                                                              the security locking feature on the customer key pad. 
3.  Using the customer keypad on the outside of the door, press the 
     "star" key twice to advance to the "sales meters" menu.
4.  Press the "pound" key to get into the menu.
5.  Press the "star" key to access non-resettable data and the "pound" key to display resettable numbers.
6.  To clear resettable data, press the "star" key to scroll through the various selections followed by the "pound" key to enter the selection that you wish to delete. Press the “star” key twice to delete the resettable reading or “pound” to exit the reset command.
7.  Press the "pound" key to exit the sales menu.

####Price Setting:

1.  Open the service door and press the “VAC” button on the programming keypad to unlock the customer keypad and access the service menu. 
2.  Using the customer keypad, press the “star” key once to scroll     to the price setting menu selection.
3.  Press “pound” to enter the price setting submenu.
4.  Using the customer keypad, enter the selection to be changed.
5.  Press "00" to clear out the old price and then enter the new   price.
6.  Press the "pound" key to lock in the new price.
7.  Press the "pound" key again to confirm the price change.
8.  Press "pound" a third time to advance to the next selection or 
     "star" to exit the menu.

